Recently i have been interviewed for the role of Devops Engineer in **Wipro** and below are the questions which are being asked.
1. Could you elaborate your experience with automating and optimizing the deployment over large infrastructure using AWS and other tools like Terraform and Ansible from your previous roles? 
2. How about your experience developing CI/CD pipeline and utilizing tools such as Docker, Grafana and Prometheous. Share a particular project where these skills were critical. 
3. When dealing with multi tenant applications, how do you enforce tenant isolation at the API layer? 
4. If clients reporting 504 Gateway Timeout errors. describe your approach to debugging the issue? 
5. how would you implement optimistic locking a RESTful update endpoint to avoid lost updates?
6. if you were required to run pre-task checks, main tasks and post-task validation for patch automation, how would you structure your RedHat Automation & Virtulization scripts? 
7.Can you describe an approach to automating secure decommissioning of VMs, including data shredding.  
8.If you were required to maintain clarity in very large Ansible Inventories, what best practices should be followed when naming groups and hosts. 
9. Describe the structure and advantage of using an Ansible role to manage a three-tier web application. what do you mean by three-tier web application? 
10. if you have custom plugins that multiple roles depends on, how do you manage them in the context of Ansible Roles Management?
11.What is Cloud-agnostic strategies? how do you leverage conditionals to make a role cloud-agnostic, particularly for environments like AWS, Azure and GCP. 
12.How do you mitigate the risk of misscommunication when there are multi-lingual stakeholders involved in email threads?
13.How would you structure a multi-stage pipeline that builds, tests and deploys a containerized application to kubernetes using Github Actions.
14.How would you parameterize a workflow so that downstream jobs know which environment to deploy to?
15.Describe the security implications of using Kubernetes secret in etcd without encryption? 
16.How does Python's GIL affect multi-threaded web service performance and what alternatives exist to overcome it? what is Python's GIL affect multi-threaded web service?
17.How would you implement feature toggles in Deployment pipelines?
18.How would you schedule a task to run every 15 minutes in windows using powershell and linux with cron?

tip -- as 4 + experiance --basic experince on AWS and CI CD tools.Python questions like Fibonacci Series and other logical questions.

Hello <@788253253661360128> .
All related 

More related to codes
1. To create terraform s3 resources and that resources to be deleted after 7days.(terraform life cycle management )
2.both pipeline syntax to write and exmaple(Declarative and scripted pipeline)
3. ansible play book to write.
4. 2 python code , reverse a string and remove the 1st duplicate from list 
5. Other questions

In the end, I asked two questions:
1. If things goes well and I get a chance to work in your team, what will be my roles and responsibilities?
2. Since you’ve been in this organization for a long time, how is  your experience ?

MIRAFRA - Bangalore (L1 - virtual)

Questions

Introduce yourself
CI/CD Workflow
Terraform – How do you manage an existing EC2 instance by using Terraform?
Docker – How do you ensure security while writing the Dockerfile?
Kubernetes – How do you restrict not creating additional pods?
GitLab/GitHub – Restrict creating new branches when already 4 branches exist
AWS – Auto Load Balancer troubleshooting steps
Linux – Get exact matching word in a file
Ansible
By using Python - what automation scripts you have created?
Which Kubernetes are you currently using - Self-hosted or Cloud Provider like EKS?


